you guys see boys very over skiing here
no I just want to do a video on how to
wear socks for hockey hockey socks are
gold and shame pads obviously and how to
wear them in their type the styles that
you can do all right so let's get
started you have three types of styles
you have a flop you have a full tuck and
you have oh sorry my back for size full
tuck tuck on the tongue and tuck on the
back pending right so I'll show you guys
right here full tuck this is just show
you guys how you do a full tuck now I do
this one because I like the way it looks
I like it obviously my skates are tied
but I like the way it looks because uh
you know it gives your lower body a
bigger look which the you know maybe
make you look a little bit more
intimidating so I like that and you know
I just like the idea of having a bigger
upper body type thing your range of
motion is a little bit not as well when
you have your tending garden covered
like this so I mean if you want more
mobility I would recommend doing this
and then just see if my range of motion
is a lot better I can really like but
you know I mean if you're not too
worried about that then I would
definitely go full talk
here's Trevor Dale here the Dallas Stars
and then you can see there's a full talk
on the tendon guard and the tongue of
the skate so this is gonna make your
upper body yet sorry my buddy
it's gonna make your lower body look
bigger and this is just really styled
there's really no
benefits to it to be honest is a little
bit of disadvantages um here I'll show
you also a lot right here you'll notice
that there is a little bit of a weird
kind of like imprint on it maybe that's
when the full tuck so that can maybe
happen but it might were down your your
escape tendon guards but I mean as long
as you're not going too crazy you're
really flexing it yeah it'll probably be
fine but this is a pretty old skate
tombstone yeah so the next type of tuck
I'm going to show you is the tuck on the
tongue
so I here we go nice right here so this
type of talking is the most common in
the NHL probably because of the range of
motion you get when you when you use
this type of tuck see I can bend this
all the way back can really you know
move it around so that's probably why
it's the most popular and it probably
has the most advantages to it by giving
you more range of motion but yeah did
you see there we got Sidney Crosby
probably the best player in the world
and he's a yeah a tuxedo verision which
gives them better mobility now I'm going
to show you why not probably the most
least common tuck in the whole game
talking the back tendon guard again now
just like the full tuck it will it won't
give you as much mobility and it will
probably it will not affect your tendon
guard a little bit so my word on but
it's got more mobility than the full
tuck because you have this your tongue
is more free so yeah also one really
nice advantage of this in terms of style
is you can get that nice flop and you
can make your leg look like it's bigger
and you can just still have that nice
swap in there I couldn't really find any
NHL hockey players that do the back tuck
this is just a possibility that you
could do but I know it's going on to the
final style of talking your hockey sock
fly so
all you really have to do for a flop
skate is just tuck this in and just tuck
the everything into the area of the
opening in the skate now flop can vary
in you can you know make a big bigger
flop and smaller flap what you have to
do though is you have to it depends on
how many holes in the skin you you go
through so the the more the higher you
grow up and smaller the flock will be so
yeah now flop is pretty much if you want
to get a range of motion this is
probably the second best option because
the reason why is because your shin pad
won't interfere with your tongue so the
best option for mobility just tucking
this over the tongue and then leaving
the tendon guard alone but you know this
is whatever you want and whatever you
want to do right and this is just your
style
so yeah over here we got Ovechkin which
is probably one of the best players that
you know when it comes to style you know
but he has that nice flop and he tucks
his jersey and I really like the yellow
laces on them so yeah so basically
that's it a little few little minor tips
if you really want to look good in socks
I really would suggest that getting the
knit socks these are the polyester
Reebok ones I just need these cuz
they're white you know for demonstration
purposes but really get the knit socks
they look a lot better if you want to
you know I think I person that's what I
think that first I think the knit socks
look better but I mean they're nice
breathable is this but I and also uh you
know put some if you want you know put
some color laces on there you know and
really help the skate and the talk and
everything give you some nice style
saris thank you guys for watching see
you guys later